For the project, Simon and I are planning in doing a split. I would be taking care of the C side, bringing in the filter functions avl,abr and fusion. 
While Simon will be doing the basics in shell to make it possibe to filter the main doc. We both started to work on our individual side, i shared the 
few basic filter programms onto Github in case Simon might need them for his side.

When we both started to bring everything together, he was finishing the shell, with gnuplot and I was taking care of all the little stuff like the 
makefile, seperating our stuff into sorted files. I started to work on the main.c, trying to make it understand what the shell was going to send in.
I put all our filter programms in "filter.h", then the smaller functions into "smallfunctions", this would make it easier to know where everything was.
Simon was able to filter -h,-m,-t1,p-1,-d. The -d works but just have not been able to use it as we've had probleme with the C. The differents areas are functionnal
but he have the same issue as for the -d. The AVL works with our structure, the abr isnt working, we are getting seg faults. The shell overall is robust.

When Simon had overall finished the shell, he came to help me out as we had realized that this would be much more C heavy than expected.We badly imagined 
how much the C would be important. I made the basic elements to make it easier to extracted our information in mail, i took care of the basics with 
the cases. On the other hand, Simon went to work on adapting our filter programms to accommodate our structure. I had to leave this one for him as
I did not have the technical level to follow. We are facing multiple problems linked to our underestimation on the quantity of work we needed to do. WE
realized that we should had probably swapped roles from the beginning. The communication was inexistant up until the beginning of the last week, which
made the problem even worse. At the moment, we will probably be using already filtered docs to test out the gnuplot to have something presentable.



